give or take a few thousand I figured
the loot on this dealer 2 million it
should be that much on the track
officers
you like money you got a great big
dollar sign there where most women ever
hard so play it smart stay in character
he'll have money plenty of it Georgia
Lavin you blow it all on you Johnny I'm
no good for anybody else I'm not pretty
and I'm not very smart know that you're
gonna have several hundred thousand
dollars cause I do I just can't talk
about it that's all not even to me your
little [ __ ]
shouldn't have even mentioned I was
gonna have it it's not that I mind I
know I can trust you
but if these other guys other guys I
can't talk about it Jerry you've been
talking I just spilled - what did - what
do you think crazy jerk jump around
come on clown sings the chorus from
Pagliacci it was a jerk Where's George